Tuesday brought yet another practice in
fall camp for the Florida State football
team welcome to the practice fields
everyone I'm Scott codec for
seminoles.com the one thing that has
become pretty clear in week number three
of fall camp is how deep the secondary
really is veterans and newcomers alike
everyone is contributing and this might
be the deepest the secondary has been in
a number of years it's been a lot of fun
it's been a big competition just trying
to get playing time just knowing that
every day you have to be on top of your
a game or else you'll be on the bench
just really motivates you I mean I come
to practice every day motivated trying
to get better so just really I just try
to be on my a-game every day moving into
this season the Seminoles will not have
three of their primary contributors at
wide receiver well enter three newcomers
in Isaiah Jones Bobo Wilson and Kermit
Whitfield who are ready to take that
challenge from game number one I think
they they they pretty ready in my eyes
they they've more reason when i came
because when i came it was like we had
so many receivers in my time was like my
lips are limited now they just in the
fire because as you see we got for a
scholarship guys and the deal was
actually playing then you got the three
freshmen so they enter fired just as
much as us they've been solid and see
that you can see it's starting to wear
on him a little bit i want him to push
to today oh they did some good things
they've had a couple little metal bus
when i got tired that they've got to
learn to grind through that's typical
that's Tiffany and it's up to veterans
like Kenny Shaw Rashad Greene and Kelvin
Benjamin to show the young ones the
ropes and lead by example we just stay
on them about staying with on play was
and you know just getting signals down
because it's there is a difference
between we going over in the film and on
the field when you got Jimbo yelling out
the plays and in the fire we say in the
fire so we just stay on that young guys
because we need them to Florida State
will hold their second scrimmage a
preseason camp on wednesday afternoon
inside doak campbell stadium make sure
you stay with us here at Seminoles calm
for all the complete coverage so here on
Tuesday afternoon I'm Scott Kotick
reporting for seminoles.com